Here are all the monthly exam papers since the sophomore semester
Look carefully and ask me if you don't understand anything.
Don't blame me for being rude to catch the hind legs of the tote training class
This is my home.
If there is no, reluctantly instruct, don't do it yet.
Wow 7
Why is your home so proud?
I didn't expect your family to use this kind of eye protection lamp too
My mom is worried about my eyesight.
So he got this off-road eye protection light
It's really comfortable.
Otherwise you didn't get one
Let's forget it.
Yueyue don't be envious
I will give you a moon shadow eye protection lamp.
Protect you for me
Oops ok
Let's hurry up and review it.
brave
of
I thought you were so good
instigate confession
That's all you can do, so think of a way
It's not just me dealing with Xu Ziliang
Work with me.
Still do it
Principal Chen
You and I will join hands and I will help you with free tutoring.
How about you press Xu Ziliang down for me?
What does this have to do with Xu Ziliang?
He caused me to lose so many students
I must kick him out of the special training class
Let him never lift his head in Huang Gao
IF
You can make me crush him forever
Then we will work together
Deal, this is the prediction for this monthly test question
Make the most of it.
Don't let me down
Here are the knowledge points that I have sorted out about 6 exams.
Take a look.
Hello Liangzi
This is my savior, okay, okay
Hurry up and review, hurry up and review!
Go go go